at every command. Um, during the check in process, um, you should be given
a card with information on it for your leadership and your suicide
awareness coordinator. There are also hot 1 800 hotlines that are
given to every sailor, um, at the check in process. If you come across
someone who is speaking about suicide or and you're concerned about
their behavior Um, And there you're having conversations about
suicide. Um, you want to make sure that you have all numbers, all the
suicide awareness coordinators number either in your phone on your
person, Um, and making sure that you are reaching out to the triad,
uh, and your leadership so that every plan that you have put in place
can be executed for that member or that sailor.